Release notes for Red Hat Developer Hub 1.4- Update Release Note Texts (#758)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/release-notes/snip-bug-fix-rhidp-4734.adoc

[id="bug-fix-rhidp-4734"]

> = Removed RBAC API inconsistency when scaling deployment to above 1 pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Resolved RBAC API inconsistency when scaling deployments to more than one pod
```

> Before this update, when scaling the deployment to above 1 pod, RBAC roles were not synced. Only the pod that creates the resource would be able to serve it afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this update, scaling the deployment to more than one pod caused RBAC roles to remain unsynced, allowing only the pod that created the resource to serve it.
```
